Easier deployment (#21)
match4everyone/match4everything: README.md

## Quick install
- Copy `backend.prod.env.example` and `database.prod.env.example` to `backend.prod.env` and `database.prod.env` and fill in appropriate values
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d --build` (uses Docker) and visit `http://localhost:8000/`

## Environment variables

TODO

## Install by hand
### Development
- Build images and run containers
`docker-compose up --build`
- Start previously built containers in background
`docker-compose start`
- Load test data (file needs to exist inside backend folder):
`docker-compose exec backend django-admin loaddata fixture.json`

File changes in python files trigger an auto-reload of the server.
Migrations are automatically executed when the container starts.

After changes to the Docker configuration, you have to restart and build the containers with `docker-compose up --build`.

### Production
Copy `backend.prod.env.example` to `backend.prod.env` and set variables as documented in the example file for Django
Copy `database.prod.env.example` to `database.prod.env` and set variables as documented in the example file for postgres on your host machine.

> To run a container in production and in a new environment execute the `deploy.sh` script which builds the containers, runs all configurations and starts the web service.

Author: ```suggestion
To run a container in production and in a new environment execute the `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d --build` script which builds the containers, runs all configurations and starts the web service.
```

## Quick install
- Copy `backend.prod.env.example` and `database.prod.env.example` to `backend.prod.env` and `database.prod.env` and fill in appropriate values
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d --build` (uses Docker) and visit `http://localhost:8000/`

## Environment variables

> TODO

Author: A miracle that @bjrne's pre-commit didn't spot this 😝 @maltezacharias Did you intend to document it in this PR?

Reviewer: Nope, I just noticed we never updated that section and we have an outstanding issue for the Readme/Doc anyway. I felt lucky when it didn't catch me :D. I did add a reference to the sample .envs instead, and checked the documentation in there

File changes in python files trigger an auto-reload of the server.
Migrations are automatically executed when the container starts.

After changes to the Docker configuration, you have to restart and build the containers with `docker-compose up --build`.

### Production

## Reverse Proxy

We recommend running the gunicorn server behind a reverse proxy to provide ssl and possibly run multiple services on one server.
The default configuration will make the docker container reachable on port 8000 only on 127.0.0.1.

A sample nginx configuration can be found at ./tools/nginx-sample-site.

## Setup
Copy `backend.prod.env.example` to `backend.prod.env` and set variables as documented in the example file for Django
Copy `database.prod.env.example` to `database.prod.env` and set variables as documented in the example file for postgres on your host machine.

To run a container in production and in a new environment execute the `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d --build` script which builds the containers, runs all configurations and starts the web service.

If you want to deploy manually follow these steps closly:

> #### Build the containers

Reviewer 2: This section does not really describe how to build it manually as the docker image runs the steps automatically. Maybe we should replace the `docker-compose` command with something without docker and rename the section to "Setup without docker" or something

Reviewer 2: @maltezacharias let's just leave it for now. The added information is good and the restructuring of the README should be part of #33 as it is a general issue.
